Hey guys welcome back.
So now that we've done the valet functions for all of these you know they use name first name last name
in e-mails.
We're going to do for the passwords now.
That's the only function left to do.
And it's going to be three checks in there again.
The first check is very simple just to see if they're the same.
So just like we did with the e-mails we can say if p.w. is not be good to be you too.
Just like that and then copy and paste this are a push bar on the return or type but again if you really
want then just change that to your passwords don't match game.
There's a first check then two more to go.
The next check is going to be if it contains anything other than alphanumeric characters often americathis
are letters and numbers of extends any punctuation exclamation point to a thing we don't know that.
So if Prag and the score match and this matches a pattern you'll see in a minute jazzers follow along
and use arcs when this wouldn't have typed it out.
And this pi is going to be the pattern.
And the second priority is going to be this PDB your password variable.
So we're basically saying if password matches this pattern then do this and the pattern will a match
is the following.
It's a little bit complicated at first glance so it's probably best to just watch me type it out first.
Now explain afterwards.
So slash square brackets remember Arab word that we use for exponentials and then we're going to uppercase
a dash uppercase Z like that and then lowercase a dash lowercase dead like that.
And then simply zero dash nine and then close out square brackets off and then one more forward slash.
And what this is saying if password matches this expression and expression is not this hour here is
not so not a to z A to Z lowercase or 0 to 9.
So this is saying if it's not within this range if it's not within a to z uppercase Ave that lowercase
8 0 0 to 9 it's obviously contains some other characters which you don't want to accept.
So if that is true then we're going to do a similar sort of thing.
Ray push should be the return.
So Rapere SH and changes to your password can only contain numbers and letters.
Perfect.
And then the final check to do is just to check whether the length of the password is suitable.
And we've really checked for the length in the first name in their last names.
You could use a copy that you want.
We're going to similar sort of a statement and paste that underneath.
So I just copied that from the very first name from qiam.
We change the parameters to Peter where you and Peter were here and we can change that to 30 and then
that can be five for every day.
Change it to whatever length you want to use.
And then so if it's not then we're going to say your last word.
The third.
Go five 30 characters.
And that is it.
That's over their passwords.
Done.
If you're wondering why we're not checking for password two it's because we checked the very first job
we do is to check whether a password and password two are the same.
If they're not the same we won't get to this park as we return.
Okay.
So if we get to these parts we know the password is the same which is why we don't have to check password
to jacking password one is enough.
Because like I said they're both the same.
And that's it.
The Valiants was motion.
There's all our validation functions done with the exception of the two days which I mentioned before
but that's a very good start.